Adding branch coverage to Python testing docs (#8322)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/testing.md

> [!Note]
> Before running tests with coverage, make sure to install the correct testing coverage package for your project.

> > Branch coverage is only supported on coverage versions > 7.7.

Reviewer: would say >= 7.7

> Once the coverage run completes, lines are highlighted in the editor for line level coverage. Test coverage results appear as a "Test Coverage" sub-tab in the Test Explorer, which you can also navigate to with **Testing: Focus on Test Coverage View** in Command Palette (`F1)`). On this panel you can view line coverage metrics for each file and folder in your workspace, as well as branch coverage, if relevant.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the coverage run completes, lines are highlighted in the editor for line-level coverage. Test coverage results appear as a "Test Coverage" sub-tab in the Test Explorer, which you can also navigate to with **Testing: Focus on Test Coverage View** in the Command Palette (`kb(workbench.action.showCommands)`). On this panel, you can view line coverage metrics for each file and folder in your workspace, as well as branch coverage, if relevant.
```
